Ozone Public Dev Portal 30th August 2024 Updates - Overhaul - New EU & UK Split Pages (#5)
clearbank/ozoneapi-dev-ui-portal: en-gb/docs/Help/40-faqs.md

#### Confirmation of Funds

Ths read/write API allow a Card Based Payment Instrument Issuer ('CBPII') to make a request to confirm funds are available. This API is developed according to the Open Banking Read/Write API Specifications, see [https://www.openbanking.org.uk/](https://www.openbanking.org.uk/)

### What are the roles a TPP can perform?

A TPP, Third Party Provider, can perform the following roles once they are registered with their National Competent Authority (NCA):
- Account Information Service Provider (AISP)
- Payment Initiation Service Provider (PISP)
- Technical Service Provider (TSP)
- Card Based Payment Instrument Issuer (CBPII)

## Read/Write APIs

### How can I access Clear Bank  Read/Write APIs?
As a TPP, in order to access our Read/Write APIs, you need to be enrolled with Open Banking (Enrolling Onto Open Banking Guide) and registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or a National Competent Authority (NCA), as either an AISP and/or PISP, TSP or CBPII.

This will then enable you to access our APIs through the Clear Bank  Developer Portal

### As a Third Party Provider, is there somewhere I can test prototype Open Banking Solutions?

>  Yes, Clear Bank  has a test facility [../40-sandbox.md](Sandbox) available through our Developer Portal. This will be made available in March 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Yes, ClearBank  has a test facility [../40-sandbox.md](Sandbox) available through our Developer Portal. This will be made available in March 2019.
```
